Scarlett O'Hara was not beautiful, but men seldom realized it when  caught by her charm as the Tarleton twins were.  In her face were  too sharply blended the delicate features of her mother, a Coast  aristocrat of French descent, and the heavy ones of her florid  Irish father.  But it was an arresting face, pointed of chin,  square of jaw.  Her eyes were pale green without a touch of hazel,  starred with bristly black lashes and slightly tilted at the ends.  Above them, her thick black brows slanted upward, cutting a  startling oblique line in her magnolia-white skin--that skin so  prized by Southern women and so carefully guarded with bonnets,  veils and mittens against hot Georgia suns.    Seated with Stuart and Brent Tarleton in the cool shade of the  porch of Tara, her father's plantation, that bright April  afternoon of 1861, she made a pretty picture.  Her new green  flowered-muslin dress spread its twelve yards of billowing  material over her hoops and exactly matched the flat-heeled green  morocco slippers her father had recently brought her from Atlanta.  The dress set off to perfection the seventeen-inch waist, the  smallest in three counties, and the tightly fitting basque showed  breasts well matured for her sixteen years.  But for all the  modesty of her spreading skirts, the demureness of hair netted  smoothly into a chignon and the quietness of small white hands  folded in her lap, her true self was poorly concealed.  The green  eyes in the carefully sweet face were turbulent, willful, lusty  with life, distinctly at variance with her decorous demeanor.  Her manners had been imposed upon her by her mother's gentle  admonitions and the sterner discipline of her mammy; her eyes were  her own.    On either side of her, the twins lounged easily in their chairs,  squinting at the sunlight through tall mint-garnished glasses as  they laughed and talked, their long legs, booted to the knee and  thick with saddle muscles, crossed negligently.  Nineteen years  old, six feet two inches tall, long of bone and hard of muscle,  with sunburned faces and deep auburn hair, their eyes merry and  arrogant, their bodies clothed in identical blue coats and  mustard-colored breeches, they were as much alike as two bolls of  cotton.    Outside, the late afternoon sun slanted down in the yard, throwing  into gleaming brightness the dogwood trees that were solid masses  of white blossoms against the background of new green.  The twins'  horses were hitched in the driveway, big animals, red as their  masters' hair; and around the horses' legs quarreled the pack of  lean, nervous possum hounds that accompanied Stuart and Brent  wherever they went.  A little aloof, as became an aristocrat, lay  a black-spotted carriage dog, muzzle on paws, patiently waiting  for the boys to go home to supper.    Between the hounds and the horses and the twins there was a  kinship deeper than that of their constant companionship.  They  were all healthy, thoughtless young animals, sleek, graceful,  high-spirited, the boys as mettlesome as the horses they rode,  mettlesome and dangerous but, withal, sweet-tempered to those who  knew how to handle them.    Although born to the ease of plantation life, waited on hand and  foot since infancy, the faces of the three on the porch were  neither slack nor soft.  They had the vigor and alertness of  country people who have spent all their lives in the open and  troubled their heads very little with dull things in books.  Life  in the north Georgia county of Clayton was still new and,  according to the standards of Augusta, Savannah and Charleston, a  little crude.  The more sedate and older sections of the South  looked down their noses at the up-country Georgians, but here in  north Georgia, a lack of the niceties of classical education  carried no shame, provided a man was smart in the things that  mattered.  And raising good cotton, riding well, shooting  straight, dancing lightly, squiring the ladies with elegance and  carrying one's liquor like a gentleman were the things that  mattered.    In these accomplishments the twins excelled, and they were equally  outstanding in their notorious inability to learn anything  contained between the covers of books.  Their family had more  money, more horses, more slaves than any one else in the County,  but the boys had less grammar than most of their poor Cracker  neighbors.    It was for this precise reason that Stuart and Brent were idling  on the porch of Tara this April afternoon.  They had just been  expelled from the University of Georgia, the fourth university  that had thrown them out in two years; and their older brothers,  Tom and Boyd, had come home with them, because they refused to  remain at an institution where the twins were not welcome.  Stuart  and Brent considered their latest expulsion a fine joke, and  Scarlett, who had not willingly opened a book since leaving the  Fayetteville Female Academy the year before, thought it just as  amusing as they did.    "I know you two don't care about being expelled, or Tom either,"  she said.  "But what about Boyd?  He's kind of set on getting an  education, and you two have pulled him out of the University of  Virginia and Alabama and South Carolina and now Georgia.  He'll  never get finished at this rate."    "Oh, he can read law in Judge Parmalee's office over in  Fayetteville," answered Brent carelessly.  "Besides, it don't  matter much.  We'd have had to come home before the term was out  anyway."    "Why?"    "The war, goose!  The war's going to start any day, and you don't  suppose any of us would stay in college with a war going on, do  you?"    "You know there isn't going to be any war," said Scarlett, bored.  "It's all just talk.  Why, Ashley Wilkes and his father told Pa  just last week that our commissioners in Washington would come  to--to--an--amicable agreement with Mr. Lincoln about the  Confederacy.  And anyway, the Yankees are too scared of us to  fight.  There won't be any war, and I'm tired of hearing about  it."    "Not going to be any war!" cried the twins indignantly, as though  they had been defrauded.    "Why, honey, of course there's going to be a war," said Stuart.  "The Yankees may be scared of us, but after the way General  Beauregard shelled them out of Fort Sumter day before yesterday,  they'll have to fight or stand branded as cowards before the whole  world.  Why, the Confederacy--"    Scarlett made a mouth of bored impatience.    "If you say 'war' just once more, I'll go in the house and shut  the door.  I've never gotten so tired of any one word in my life  as 'war,' unless it's 'secession.'  Pa talks war morning, noon and  night, and all the gentlemen who come to see him shout about Fort  Sumter and States' Rights and Abe Lincoln till I get so bored I  could scream!  And that's all the boys talk about, too, that and  their old Troop.  There hasn't been any fun at any party this  spring because the boys can't talk about anything else.  I'm  mighty glad Georgia waited till after Christmas before it seceded  or it would have ruined the Christmas parties, too.  If you say  'war' again, I'll go in the house."    She meant what she said, for she could never long endure any  conversation of which she was not the chief subject.  But she  smiled when she spoke, consciously deepening her dimple and  fluttering her bristly black lashes as swiftly as butterflies'  wings.  The boys were enchanted, as she had intended them to be,  and they hastened to apologize for boring her.  They thought none  the less of her for her lack of interest.  Indeed, they thought  more.  War was men's business, not ladies', and they took her  attitude as evidence of her femininity.  Having maneuvered them away from the boring subject of war, she  went back with interest to their immediate situation.  "What did your mother say about you two being expelled again?"  The boys looked uncomfortable, recalling their mother's conduct  three months ago when they had come home, by request, from the  University of Virginia.  "Well," said Stuart, "she hasn't had a chance to say anything yet.  Tom and us left home early this morning before she got up, and  Tom's laying out over at the Fontaines' while we came over here."  "Didn't she say anything when you got home last night?"  "We were in luck last night.  Just before we got home that new  stallion Ma got in Kentucky last month was brought in, and the  place was in a stew.  The big brute--he's a grand horse, Scarlett;  you must tell your pa to come over and see him right away--he'd  already bitten a hunk out of his groom on the way down here and  he'd trampled two of Ma's darkies who met the train at Jonesboro.  And just before we got home, he'd about kicked the stable down and  half-killed Strawberry, Ma's old stallion.  When we got home, Ma  was out in the stable with a sackful of sugar smoothing him down  and doing it mighty well, too.  The darkies were hanging from the  rafters, popeyed, they were so scared, but Ma was talking to the  horse like he was folks and he was eating out of her hand.  There  ain't nobody like Ma with a horse.  And when she saw us she said:  'In Heaven's name, what are you four doing home again?  You're  worse than the plagues of Egypt!'  And then the horse began  snorting and rearing and she said:  'Get out of here!  Can't you  see he's nervous, the big darling?  I'll tend to you four in the  morning!'  So we went to bed, and this morning we got away before  she could catch us and left Boyd to handle her."  "Do you suppose she'll hit Boyd?"  Scarlett, like the rest of the  County, could never get used to the way small Mrs. Tarleton  bullied her grown sons and laid her riding crop on their backs if  the occasion seemed to warrant it.  Beatrice Tarleton was a busy woman, having on her hands not only a  large cotton plantation, a hundred negroes and eight children, but  the largest horse-breeding farm in the state as well.  She was  hot-tempered and easily plagued by the frequent scrapes of her  four sons, and while no one was permitted to whip a horse or a  slave, she felt that a lick now and then didn't do the boys any  harm.  "Of course she won't hit Boyd.  She never did beat Boyd much  because he's the oldest and besides he's the runt of the litter,"  said Stuart, proud of his six feet two.  "That's why we left him  at home to explain things to her.  God'lmighty, Ma ought to stop  licking us!  We're nineteen and Tom's twenty-one, and she acts  like we're six years old."  "Will your mother ride the new horse to the Wilkes barbecue  tomorrow?"  "She wants to, but Pa says he's too dangerous.  And, anyway, the  girls won't let her.  They said they were going to have her go to  one party at least like a lady, riding in the carriage."  I hope it doesn't rain tomorrow," said Scarlett.  "It's rained  nearly every day for a week.  There's nothing worse than a  barbecue turned into an indoor picnic."  "Oh, it'll be clear tomorrow and hot as June," said Stuart.  "Look at that sunset.  I never saw one redder.  You can always  tell weather by sunsets."  They looked out across the endless acres of Gerald O'Hara's newly  plowed cotton fields toward the red horizon.  Now that the sun was  setting in a welter of crimson behind the hills across the Flint  River, the warmth of the April day was ebbing into a faint but  balmy chill.  Spring had come early that year, with warm quick rains and sudden  frothing of pink peach blossoms and dogwood dappling with white  stars the dark river swamp and far-off hills.  Already the plowing  was nearly finished, and the bloody glory of the sunset colored  the fresh-cut furrows of red Georgia clay to even redder hues.  The moist hungry earth, waiting upturned for the cotton seeds,  showed pinkish on the sandy tops of furrows, vermilion and scarlet  and maroon where shadows lay along the sides of the trenches.  The  whitewashed brick plantation house seemed an island set in a wild  red sea, a sea of spiraling, curving, crescent billows petrified  suddenly at the moment when the pink-tipped waves were breaking  into surf.  For here were no long, straight furrows, such as could  be seen in the yellow clay fields of the flat middle Georgia  country or in the lush black earth of the coastal plantations.  The rolling foothill country of north Georgia was plowed in a  million curves to keep the rich earth from washing down into the  river bottoms.  It was a savagely red land, blood-colored after rains, brick dust  in droughts, the best cotton land in the world.  It was a pleasant  land of white houses, peaceful plowed fields and sluggish yellow  rivers, but a land of contrasts, of brightest sun glare and  densest shade.  The plantation clearings and miles of cotton  fields smiled up to a warm sun, placid, complacent.  At their  edges rose the virgin forests, dark and cool even in the hottest  noons, mysterious, a little sinister, the soughing pines seeming  to wait with an age-old patience, to threaten with soft sighs:  "Be careful!  Be careful!  We had you once.  We can take you back  again."  To the ears of the three on the porch came the sounds of hooves,  the jingling of harness chains and the shrill careless laughter  of negro voices, as the field hands and mules came in from the  fields.  From within the house floated the soft voice of  Scarlett's mother, Ellen O'Hara, as she called to the little black  girl who carried her basket of keys.  The high-pitched, childish  voice answered "Yas'm," and there were sounds of footsteps going  out the back way toward the smokehouse where Ellen would ration  out the food to the home-coming hands.  There was the click of  china and the rattle of silver as Pork, the valet-butler of Tara,  laid the table for supper.  At these last sounds, the twins realized it was time they were  starting home.  But they were loath to face their mother and they  lingered on the porch of Tara, momentarily expecting Scarlett to  give them an invitation to supper.  "Look, Scarlett.  About tomorrow," said Brent.  "Just because  we've been away and didn't know about the barbecue and the ball,  that's no reason why we shouldn't get plenty of dances tomorrow  night.  You haven't promised them all, have you?"  "Well, I have!  How did I know you all would be home?  I couldn't  risk being a wallflower just waiting on you two."  "You a wallflower!"  The boys laughed uproariously.  "Look, honey.  You've got to give me the first waltz and Stu the  last one and you've got to eat supper with us.  We'll sit on the  stair landing like we did at the last ball and get Mammy Jincy to  come tell our fortunes again."